hi friends how are we doing a vacation
I bring the possible characteristics of
apple watch this smart watch that
Apple presented September 9 as
we all know so good was presented
the famous smart watch the water the
water as much was rumored but then
good
will go on sale in 2015 date
We do not know exactly, but in what
continue to work with this device
several analysts have already started doing
his predictions that he could bring
This new Apple device
this smart watch and well then
little by little, the
internal features of the apple watch
and well nothing tell us that it would bring 512
mb of ram meanwhile the ability to
basic storage or the minimum would be
of 4 gigabytes going up to 8 and up to 16
gigabytes so more or less as was the
ipod nano
Well, something very, very, very similar
they also tell us a little more
entering what they are
the
how to call it then the companies that
they make all the parts so good
they tell us that the manufacturers of the
RAM memory can certainly be samsung
since they are related to apple samsung
to do the parts of the
computers also says that it could be
my chrome and it could also be high
knicks storage memory
would be in the production house of nand ok
these are the rumors that several
analysts say they already give practically for
done since they are good to a certain
basic point smart watches
nowadays we can not find anymore
a lot of smart watches but
well this watch that presented to by the
apple watch really looks pretty
well you have to remember that it has its
own app store or going to
have their own app store and
that's going to require that you have memory
internal in your watch ok
Well, we will continue to inform you of
what is going on if there are more rumors and
there is more news
more news around water because
well he brings them so good friends
well remember we could with your side with
your thumb up with your comment if
you want us to continue with this news
now if you do not read and take your time and we
we see in the next bye bye